docs: clarify TiCDC index DDL ordering (#23336)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-ddl.md

### Asynchronous execution of `ADD INDEX` and `CREATE INDEX` DDLs

> Although TiCDC usually replicates DDL statements in order, when the downstream is TiDB, TiCDC executes DDL operations for creating and adding indexes asynchronously. This means that, after replicating `ADD INDEX` and `CREATE INDEX` DDLs to the downstream TiDB for execution, TiCDC returns immediately without waiting for the completion of the DDL execution. This minimizes the impact on changefeed replication latency and avoids blocking subsequent DML executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although TiCDC usually replicates DDL statements in order, when the downstream is TiDB, TiCDC executes DDL operations for creating and adding indexes asynchronously. This means that, after replicating `ADD INDEX` and `CREATE INDEX` DDLs to the downstream TiDB cluster for execution, TiCDC returns immediately without waiting for DDL execution to complete. This minimizes the impact on changefeed replication latency and avoids blocking subsequent DML executions.
```
